docs(llm): add index (#2966)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: LLM Inference Documentation
  description: Dive into Scaleway LLM Inference with our quickstart guides, how-tos, tutorials and more.
content:
  h1: LLM Inference Documentation
  paragraph: Dive into Scaleway LLM Inference with our quickstart guides, how-tos, tutorials and more.
---

<ProductHeader
   productName="LLM Inference"
   productLogo="inference"

>    description="Dive into seamless language processing with our easy-to-use LLM endpoints. Perfect for everything from data analysis to creative tasks, all with clear pricing."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   description="Unlock seamless language processing with our easy-to-use LLM endpoints. Perfect for everything from data analysis to creative tasks, all with clear pricing."
```

Reviewer: :trollface:
